# CRUD Quiz

Use the solution to this afternoon's Property Tracker lab to answer the following questions. Please write your answers under each question, push the file to GitHub, and submit in the usual way.

## MVP Questions

In our Property Tracker application:

Q1. Where are we instantiating instances of the `Property` class?

    In the initialize function, in the property class file (property.rb)

Q2. Where are we defining the SQL that enables us to save the ruby `Property` object into the database?

    In the save function, in the property class file (property.rb)

Q3. In `console.rb`, which lines modify the database?

    Property.delete_all()
    property1.save()
    property2.save()
    property3.save()
    property1.delete()


Q4. Why do we not define the id of a `Property` object at the point we instantiate it (‘new it up’)?

    It’s going to be generated by the database itself.

Q5. Where and how do we assign the id (that is generated by the database) to the ruby `Property` object?

    In the save function:
        @id = db.exec_prepared("save", values)[0]["id"].to_i

Q6. Why do we put a guard (an `if` clause) on the `@id` attribute in the constructor?

    We have to be sure that the element for the id exists. 

Q7. Why are some of the CRUD actions represented by instance methods, and others by class methods?

    It depends on the “nature” of the function. If we need an argument to make the function work (for example update a specific element), we’re going to use instance methods. But if we don’t need an argument, we’ll use class methods (for example find something).

Q8. What type of data structure is returned by calls to `db.exec_prepared()`? In the `save` method, how do we access the id from the returned data structure?
    
    It’s an array with hashes.
    -
    
Q9. Why do we use prepared statements when performing database operations?

    According to the internet, there are at least two advantages:
    - query is rewritten and compiled by the database server
    - protection against SQL injection

## Extension Questions

Look at the `find_by_id` and `find_by_address` methods in the `Property` class.

Q10. What do they take in as their arguments?

    find_by_id: the argumment will be an id
    find_by_address: the argumment will be an address

Q11. What are their return values?

    If the return values exist: arrays.
    If the values don’t exist: nil.
